CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    A Python Website Blocker

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    The internet is vast, and contains a lot of wonderful informations, but it 
    also conatins harmful contents. This contents are displayed on websites that 
    may randomly show up in search results or clicked url. This full web access 
    can be a problem especially with minors having more access to the internet. This 
    is a problem that the 'Python Website Blocker' can solve.
    This project will help limit access to certain unwanted websites. It can help 
    prevent websites notifications or distractions while working or studying, and
    protect from sexually damaging contents on websites.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will undestand the complete cycle of a python project. 
    How python projects to integrate it to the web.
    I will learn to troubleshoot real-world problems as i encounter them in this project.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    os, datetime, pytest, requests, tkinter
    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
    main, block_websites, block_time, start_blocker, unblock_websites
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    test_block_time, test_block_starter, test_block_websites, test_unblock_websites
